I progress here but a piano tutorial for
the song pink toes by Childish Gambino
there's gonna be two different sections
there's the court that Childish
Gambino's things over and then this is
the chords that j'en AI eCos sings over
so I'm gonna go over uh the childish
gambino part first and then her part
so I started all off he starts off with
a G minor 9 chord left hand you have a G
right hand you have an F a b-flat and a
D second chord is gonna be a d-minor 9
left in your body right hanging up an F
a C and an E
their core is gonna be an a-minor 7 left
hand you'll have an a right hanging off
a G C and an E
the fourth chord is gonna be a D flat
major seven chord
love saying you have a b-flat right
heading up an a a deed and an F and a
finish all off you're gonna go right
back to that a minor seven and that is
the whole loop for the first that he
sings over first hook all of it so to
show you that's gonna sound like it'll
sound like I thought I told you about it
act like you know act like you know you
don't leave home dad Booth's tequila oh
that key though she's on my back about
it
c-3po c-3po and dr. time act like you
know act like you know all right to go
Virgenes part it's gonna be the exact
chord progression but it's moved up a
step so it's gonna be all the same type
of chords but just different notes so to
start all off it'll start off with an a
minor nine chord left hand you have an a
right hand over G a B let's see in an E
second quarter be an e-minor 9 cord let
then you up an e right hand over G a B a
D and an F sharp 3rd chord will be a B
minor 9 or B minor 7 left hand you have
a B right hand you have an a a deep and
enough sharp
or score is gonna be a C major seven
left hand you'll have a see right
hanging out of a B and E and a G and end
it all off in the loop it'll go back
down to the B minor 7 chord that we
already had
it'll go over what that's gonna sound
like it'll sound something like he's
named AJ through the color does every
day sunny K yeah very least so and they
say there's no way I could stay with
someone like you but I tell them no
there's no way I can straight gotta stay
with someone like you cuz I know one day
you could take me away by the way I know
you can pay all the money you make
there'll be plenty